AntiISDA Warrior (2004 Ventzislav Tzvetkov)
by Ventzislav Tzvetkov

Your server full with all those 20 years old ColecoVision warez software,
of which nobody cares anymore since ages, unfortunately is being attacked 
by some 
ISDA agents and they want to format your only hard disk you ever
owned (40MB).

 They are attacking from various ports, so you have to aim your ping
bombs 
more precisely with the joystick. Press FIRE button to shoot.

Good Luck.

The game AntiISDA Warrior was first developed for Oric Atmos back in 2003. 
The main idea of the game I got, when resembling one of the demo BASIC programs in the book which came bundled with my Pravetz-8D computer.
Because of the simplicity of the gameplay concept and the ease of porting it, I made it possible on wide range of computer and console platforms.
Some of the systems on which it is already available, I have never touched or developed for before. 
One of these systems is the ColecoVision.
The ColecoVision console, released in 1982, is very advanced, easy to program and capable games machine.
But because of the videogames crash, it failed to gain enough popularity to sustain strong development for the next years. Only around 4 million units were sold.

There is not much information or guides on how to program this popular in the 1980s console, but thanks to some experiments, plus trial and error,
I compiled the first ROM, back in 2004. Even if I already had made Z80 assembler version of the game for the Sega Master System port,
which used the same processor and similar graphics chipset, I decided to go with higher level programming language for programming the ColecoVision.

The first version was finished on Amiga 4000 with Hitech C with help of the Daniel Bienvenu's and Marcel de Kogel tutorials, libraries and tools.
Because I used the Amiga port of fMSX emulator for the testing, the game worked flawlessly only there, but refused to work on other emulators or real ColecoVision console.
I fixed this with the use of SDCC, which is much faster and does not need the emulation of CP/M (I used emulated PC (with PC-Task), under CP/M {with 22nice}
for the first version) for the compilation. The result is much smaller, cleaner and faster ROM. For the ColecoVision, I used pure ANSI C language and converting tools
for making the graphics and sound data into C source code. The graphics are compressed with the RLE compression, which saves space on the ROM, at the expense of little 
delay at the beginning, when decompressing the image data to the video RAM.

AntiISDA Warrior game for the ColecoVision at the second level. The game goal and concept was kept intact on the ColecoVision as well.
The story which I made by myself is still the same, only this time you are saving ColecoVision warez, which are going to be removed if you can not hold the attack.
The game gets harder and harder with the levels passed, where the invaders go closer and closer to the missile (called pingbomb).
The similarity to the game Space Invaders is not only coincidental, but here only the shots are movable, but not the enemies or the initial place for fire.
To make the game colorful, I used all the ColecoVision palette, and the sound capabilities.
The graphics are done on bitmap character screen, with redefined tiles for speed.
If the attack is not hold, there is end screen with text, or if the attack is successfully removed, there is an outro text. 

Credits:
========

  "AntiISDA Warrior" - is Copyright 2003-2009 © by Ventzislav Tzvetkov.

  Reach me electronically at:
 
   http://hirudov.com

 This game is also available for  Dragon 32,  Commodore 64, Sega  Master
 System, Vic-20, GameBoy, IBM-PC, Amiga, Sinclair ZX Spectrum, Apple  II
 and Oric. Versions for other platforms are available  from my  website.

-- 

Legal Issues:
=============

  This software can be freely copied, as long as it remains in its
 original form, and the archive is intact.

  `AntiISDA Warrior' is provided  "AS-IS"  without any warranties.
Although I did my best for it being bug free,  there still might be  some
hidden ones, of which I am not aware. That's why I am NOT responsible for
any damages caused by this software.

-- 

Sources:
========

The sources are available for every specific platform in the particular
archives.

The ColecoVision version was developed using SDCC, plus tools and
libraries by Daniel Bienvenu's and Marcel de Kogel. Tested with ColEm Amiga
v1.0 Release 5 and MEKA 0.73 WIP.

The Dragon 32 version was written directly on DREaM V1.0 by Sean Siford.
Alex in Town Level Editor V1.2 by Ventzislav Tzvetkov was used  for  the
title logo and MESS v0.81 by the MESS Team for some additional tests.

The Commodore 64 version was assembled with dasm v2.14.04 and tested under
MagiC64. The graphics were drawn with Personal Paint 7.1b  by  Cloanto and
converted to Koala paint format.

The Sega Master System version was assembled with WLA-DX 7.1. For
testing AmiMasterGear v0.82 was used. Some other tools used are:
Mod2PSG V1.8 by Martin Konrad, Personal Paint 7.1b  by  Cloanto,
VBCC v0.8 by Volker Barthelmann and many other.

The Vic-20 version was assembled with dasm v2.12.04. For testing
VicEmu 0.70 and for text editor, Cygnus-Ed Pro V4.17 were used.

The GameBoy version was compiled with GBDK v2.1.0-1. For testing
Wzonka-Lad and AmiGameBoy emulators were used. For text editor,
Cygnus-Ed Pro V4.17 was used.

The PC version was compiled with Borland Turbo C++ v1.01, on PC-Task 4.4.
For text editor, Cygnus-Ed Pro V4.17 was used, and for writing to the
hardfile - mshf.device from PCx v1.1.

The Amiga version was compiled with VBCC v0.8. EditPad was used for
text editor and Personal Paint 7.1 for some drawings.

The Apple 2 version was written directly on Apple2000e (The Apple 2e
emulator for Amiga), and compiled with TASC compiler.

The Oric version was written directly on AmOric V1.5 - the Oric emulator
for Amiga.

The Sinclair version was written directly on ZXAM 2.0B - Sinclair ZX
Spectrum emulator for Amiga.

-- 

http://www.colecovision.ca
http://hirudov.com/others/AntiISDA_CV.php