Rockcutter 32KB version
Feb 28 2017
Kiwi

I decided to just release the 32KB version of Rockcutter today.  I don't feel like working on the Mega-cart 128KB version of Rockcutter for awhile, 
so I think releasing a game on my birthday month would be better.  
It is bankswitched already and reachable to the end of the game.  Music need to be finished and finalized.

I'm not in the mood to work on the instruction manual or box art for awhile. I want the instruction manual to be awesome, so I'll worry about that later.
The reason I'm releasing it is not an arcade style game or a well known game. I wanted more people to play it. 
Based on the file creation date, I started on this game on July 17, 2014.  I "finished" the 32KB version last year. 
It been playtested and I fixed most of the bug in the 32KB version.  
Only 1 harmless bug is that when defeating the 2nd boss, the fish can swim higher passing through the wall.  
I added reminder instruction on the final boss.  
One of the playtester made it to the final boss and didn't use the cutters to slay the boss. 


32KB exactly.  The level data get unpacked to 2800-37FF portion of the VRAM, so defective VRAM chips may not work well with this game. 
 I think there's over 59 screens, I've lost track. :(
This game is an platformer genre game.  The level becomes bigger and more non-linear as you progress, requiring you to explore every rooms to find 
switches or defeat enemies to open the boss room gate to defeat the boss.  You can collect cutters dropped by enemies.  
To toss them, just hold up and fire, like you would use sub-weapons in Castlevania.  
Just remember, there's a timer ticking away to discourage farming them | :) .  
There's a heart extension hidden in each level. 2 are out in the open, 3 have to be in a specific part of the map to make it appear.  
There's treasure room in level 4 and 5.  If you didn't find the treasure in level 4, then the treasure in level 5 won't appear.  
Collecting both will fully power up your cutter and make the final boss much easier.  Beating this game and pressing fire at the ending screen will enable hard mode.
I added easier mode that give you more time and start the game off with 99 cutter, more time and plus 1 extra chance collected.  
Pressing down and fire 2 at the title screen will give you those things.

Here's the instruction demonstration gif taken from the bankswitched version.
I would like to thank newcoleco for the awesome tools he made and documentation to help me understand C language and able to make games for the Colecovision. 
I would like to thank my best friend VampGoddess for playtesting the hell out of this game and reporting bugs.  
Groovybee for taking the time and looking over my code and found way to reduce the game size and buying back CPU cycle greatly.
Also teaching me in the process.  I would like to thank betatesters for taking the time to play this game and giving me feedback. 
 And thanking Collectorvision, retroillucid and colecomaster, for being awesome. I also want to thanks Kamshaft, TPR, chartz, ArcadeUSA, and NIAD for playtesting this game.

Enjoy.

http://atariage.com/forums/topic/262799-rockcutter-32kb-version/