Sparrow Flap 2016
by Kiwi

I always wanted to release a game on July 4th, so I decided to rework on a game that was already release on cart 2 years ago.  
It is the bonus game that came on Flappe Bird cartridge.  I made this one because I like making adventure genre games, and 
make a game that is more than 10 minutes long.  It more like a shoot'em style, but with bird dodging obstacles and defeating 
enemies/bosses by bird dashing them into oblivion.  You have power-ups to help you on your quest.
I stripped out the Flappy Bird stuff, and freed up space to add more cool stuff to it.  So I have about 12 KB free to add 
stuff to it, plus there stuff that can be optimized to free up space for more stuff.  
I wanted to add the volcano stage to it and more animation, enemies, and an ending sequence to it.  
Plus I was in a mood to work on this project.  

In these new ROM, I changed the rule that you don't warp back to the back of the level when you birddash into solid stuff.
I added one control scheme that doesn't requires you to flap to keep your bird airborn.  
It let you move in 4 direction and bird dash attack is mapped to FIRE 1 for those who want to use 1 button controller.  
The first scheme, that requires to flap, is mapped to FIRE 2 and to joypad DOWN to bird dash(for 1 button controller). 
And reduce damage done by enemies by 1.  Most enemies does 1 HP of damage, some like rock(2HP), and spikes(3HP) does more.  

The game loops when you defeat the Firebird.  A letter H will appear on the lower window indicate that the game is on hard 
more and enemies does 1 more point of damage, and the bats worth 100 more point and they are quicker on this difficulty.  
And have to go through additional room in the cave level. Plus apples no longer falls from the trees. 
And bosses have more health.

VH is when the power up gems stop showing up other than the heart.  
Enemies do more damage to you. Bats now worth 300 points and attack much quicker in this game.  
Bosses are more quicker to attack and have more HP.  
After defeating the Firebird, all of your powerup disappear to increase the difficulty.

The game ends when you get 1 million points or run out of HP. 

The gem comes in different colors in the original version due to lack of space, plus I used the color variable to determine what power up it does.
pink - refill health
yellow - temporary invincibly
tan - grant cape to reduce bird dash delay
green - give you health refill once your health is depleted
purple - gives you 5000 points
gray - gives you shield which increase your after hit invincibly

BUGS: There's slight slowdown during the cave maze stage due to wall drawing routines and sometimes a phantom object will hit you after 
destroying the rocky wall in the first cave.

Enjoy and hopes everyone have a good 4th of July. 


http://atariage.com/forums/topic/254474-kiwis-game-a-sparrow-goes-flapping-available-to-play/