Terra Attack (2007 Scott Huggins)

You've got issues. You are the commander of the Defense Unit for the Terra Community with four Towers and three Defense Cannons under your watch. 
The Terra Community is the first outpost on this planet so usually things are pretty quiet. You're just about to call it a night when the warning 
sirens scream out the approach of invading alien ships. If the aliens can destroy Terra, the entire planet is theirs and it's the end of your cushy 
government job, not to mention the lives of the inhabitants of the Four Towers.

Quickly manning the remote controls of the three Defense Cannons your fire at wave after wave of swarming aliens. 
It's a balancing act trying to switch cannons an eye on your ammunition while the aliens switch tactics with each wave. 
Your Shields are limited too but stay alive long enough and you'll have to face "The Boss." 
He's aptly named and capable of destroying the whole Terra Community in a matter of seconds. 
It is going to take a lot of ammo and a lot of skill to destroy "The Boss", but the rewards are great too.

The improbable task awaits you... how long can YOU be the Hero of Terra?

Terra Attack is Scott Huggins' third ColecoVision homebrew game, following the widely acclaimed Astro Invader and Spectar arcade ports. 
Terra Attack is a uniquely original game in concept and execution!


Hey guys,
Here is my new game, "Armchair Quarterback"  ;) . Actually, it's called "Terra Attack". 

Game play is pretty simple. The on screen instructions will get most of the point across. 
You basically just blast away, protecting your cannons and the Green Towers (4 of them). 
Each cannon has limited ammo. The red bar below each cannon shows how much ammo is left. 
The game speed and the enemy AI get smarter as you progress through each level. 
If you make it pass the BOSS stage (the mother ship takes several hits to killl her), 
then you get a bonus for the bullets remaining from each cannon and a bonus for the 
towers that have survived. One destroyed tower will be replaced if you complete that level.

When you complete a level, all your destroyed cannons and ammo are revived.
Different enemies appear as you progress through the game.

The game ends when either:

* you lose all your cannons
* or you lose all your towers

CONTROLS
* left moves the currently HIGHLIGHTED cannon turret left
* right moves the currently HIGHLIGHTED cannon turret right
* left controller button will fire a bullet (missile).
* pressing up will switch to the cannon to your right (if it's not destroyed)
* pressing down will switch to the cannon to your left (if it's not destroyed)
* pressing 1,2, or 3 of keypad will activate shields over the cannons


http://www.colecovision.ca
http://atariage.com/forums/topic/103444-colecovision-wip-terra-attack/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl8WKysW-pE